What are you doing here?
Is Rui'er causing trouble again?
Your Majesty, Chen Dingyuan is willing to go to the southern city.
To share Your Majesty's concerns and help resolve the issue.
Regarding the plague,
how can you allow such nonsense?
Chen Dingyuan is not being frivolous.
I care deeply about the safety of the people.
Chen Dingyuan is willing to go south in person.
To oversee the situation directly.
Your Majesty, even if Chen Dingyuan goes south,
only someone like Prince Rui
can stabilize the people's hearts.
Perhaps no one is more suitable than Prince Rui.
Your Majesty, Prince Rui's presence in the south
will also significantly aid in controlling the epidemic.
I hope Your Majesty will grant this.
Since all the ministers agree,
then let Prince Rui go to the affected area.
To turn the tide.
I will certainly do my utmost.
Not to disappoint Your Majesty's trust.
What is Your Majesty doing?
With the plague breaking out in the south,
Your Majesty has been working late into the night.
The ministers have also stayed in the Yangxin Hall.
The plague in the south.
Hmm, it seems to have originated from the southern city.
In the previous life, it was the Duke of End who caused the outbreak.
But didn’t the Duke of End die?
How is the investigation I asked you to conduct?
Replying to Your Majesty,
I haven’t found anything unusual.
The Concubine De only goes to Ci Ning Palace
to pay respects to the Empress Dowager.
At other times, she stays in Yao Hua Palace,
playing cards and drinking tea with other consorts.
And she enjoys going to the Imperial Garden to pick flowers.
Picking flowers, hmm?
What kind of flowers?
Balsam flowers. And what about the one in the Cold Palace?
The one in the Cold Palace?
Often in tatters,
with a confused mind.
Still half-mad and half-silly.
Half-mad?
Half-silly, hmm?